README.md, before:

# RabbitMQ "Presence Exchange" Plugin

Extends RabbitMQ Server with support for a new experimental exchange
type, `x-presence`. An exchange of type `x-presence` notifies queues
that are bound to it when other bindings appear and disappear.

Messages are only ever sent out from an `x-presence` exchange to
attached queues when a new binding appears or an existing binding
disappears. The message sent out has an empty body, with all the
interesting information in the `headers` property of the message
headers:

    Key       Type  Description
    -----------------------------------------------------------------
    action    str   Either "bind" or "unbind"
    exchange  str   The name of the exchange being bound/unbound
    queue     str   The name of the queue being bound/unbound
    key	      str   The binding key supplied at the time of binding

Messages published to `x-presence` exchanges are dropped, rather than
sent through to bound queues.

## Licensing

This plugin is licensed under the MPL. The full license text is
included with the source code for the package. If you have any
questions regarding licensing, please contact us at
<info@rabbitmq.com>.

Commit message:

Bring x-presence exchange back to life

README.md, after:

# RabbitMQ "Presence Exchange" Plugin

Extends RabbitMQ Server with support for a new experimental exchange
type, `x-presence`. An exchange of type `x-presence` notifies queues
that are bound to it when other bindings appear and disappear.

Messages are only ever sent out from an `x-presence` exchange to
attached queues when a new binding appears or an existing binding
disappears. The message sent out has an empty body, with all the
interesting information in the `headers` property of the message
headers:

    Key       Type  Description
    -----------------------------------------------------------------
    action    str   Either "bind" or "unbind"
    exchange  str   The name of the exchange being bound/unbound
    queue     str   The name of the queue being bound/unbound
    key	      str   The binding key supplied at the time of binding

Messages published to `x-presence` exchanges are sent to all the
bound queues - just like in a fanout exchange.

## Licensing

This plugin is licensed under the MPL. The full license text is
included with the source code for the package. If you have any
questions regarding licensing, please contact us at
<info@rabbitmq.com>.
